cfp-guidelines.md, before:

# Call for Proposals — PAPIs LatAm (June 21-22, 2018 - São Paulo)

PAPIs is the 1st series of international conferences dedicated to **real-world Machine Learning applications**. Previous editions took place in Boston, Sydney, Barcelona, Paris, Valencia, London, and PAPIs is now coming back to São Paulo! It brings together engineers, scientists, researchers, hackers and managers (200 attendees per day, over 2 days) who meet to share experiences and discover the latest innovations, techniques and tools to build ML applications. Find out more at [papis.io/europe](http://www.papis.io/europe).

## Key dates

- **TBD** (23:59 GMT): Call for Proposals closes
- **2 weeks after**: Notifications of acceptance/rejection due
- **June 21-22**: Conference takes place in São Paulo

This year we'd like to **strongly encourage women to submit proposals**. As a community conference, we think it's important to increase diversity in AI. Applications for funding to reimburse childcare and travel costs will be invited from women and primary carers whose proposals are accepted. We're also looking for [sponsors](http://papis.io/sponsoring) to support our diversity efforts!

## [Sign up here to get updates!](http://www.papis.io/#updates)

## What we're looking for

### Presentations

We welcome technical and non-technical presentations with a practical mindset, on a wide range of experience levels — from beginner-friendly how-tos to cautionary tales to deep dives for experienced professionals. We'd like to hear about:

- Challenges and lessons learnt in integrating ML into various applications/products/processes and new areas; this can include technical and domain-specific challenges, as well as those related to fairness, accountability, transparency, privacy, ethics, etc.
- Failure stories — you aren’t a real ML innovator until you’ve had to deal with massive failure of your ML system!
- Techniques, architectures, infrastructures, pipelines, frameworks, APIs to create or improve intelligent applications (from embedded to web-scale)
- Design of ML-powered products
- Tools to make it easier to integrate ML into real-world products/applications (with demos)
- Exciting and innovative ML use cases
- Hands-on tutorials that teach a specific and valuable skill

We’re looking for a diverse and creative line-up of speakers, preferably with experience in public speaking. We invite them to submit proposals of **20' long,  non-commercial presentations**. _(Note: we also have a very limited number of sponsored speaking slots — [contact us](mailto:sponsoring@papis.io) for more information on how to secure one.)_

### Papers

We welcome technical papers, industrial experience reports, review papers and research papers (not required to be accepted to present, but very much encouraged!). Papers presented at PAPIs are published in [Proceedings of Machine Learning Research](http://proceedings.mlr.press/).

## Tips and rules

You can tips on how to craft a good proposal, how to submit it, and some rules [here](https://github.com/PAPIsdotio/general/blob/master/cfp-tips-rules.md). We will be receiving several proposals covering the same topics. They will be blind-reviewed by our Program Committee and evaluated on the basis of their novelty and/or significance and/or clarity of presentation. Reading these tips and rules will help you craft a proposal that stands out and increase its chances of getting accepted.

## We’re looking forward to receiving your best proposals!

If you have questions or if you have not heard about the status of your submission, please [contact us](mailto:program-committee-latam-2018@papis.mailclark.ai).

### Acknowledgements

This website is based on [rubycentral’s cfp-app](https://github.com/rubycentral/cfp-app). Many thanks to [Joan Capdevila Pujol](http://personals.ac.upc.edu/jc/) for his help in setting it up!

Commit message:

Add tracks under "What we're looking for"

cfp-guidelines.md, after:

# Call for Proposals — PAPIs LatAm (June 21-22, 2018 - São Paulo)

PAPIs is the 1st series of international conferences dedicated to **real-world Machine Learning applications, techniques, and tools**. Previous editions took place in Boston, Sydney, Barcelona, Paris, Valencia, London, and PAPIs is now coming back to São Paulo! It brings together engineers, scientists, researchers, hackers and managers (200 attendees per day, over 2 days) who meet to share experiences and discover the latest innovations, techniques and tools to build ML applications. Find out more at [papis.io/latam](http://www.papis.io/latam).

## Key dates

- **TBD** (23:59 GMT): Call for Proposals closes
- **2 weeks after**: Notifications of acceptance/rejection due
- **June 21-22**: Conference takes place in São Paulo

This year we'd like to **strongly encourage women to submit proposals**. As a community conference, we think it's important to increase diversity in AI. Applications for funding to reimburse childcare and travel costs will be invited from women and primary carers whose proposals are accepted. We're also looking for [sponsors](http://papis.io/sponsoring) to support our diversity efforts!

## [Sign up here to get updates!](http://www.papis.io/#updates)

## What we're looking for

We want to hear about **challenges and lessons learnt using ML in various applications/products/processes**, and exciting applications where ML is integrated in new domains or in new ways in our lives. Those challenges can be technical, or domain-specific and related to **business, design, regulations, fairness, accountability, transparency, privacy, ethics, etc.** We're interested in seeing what you did, and how you did it, e.g. which **techniques, frameworks, tools, architectures, infrastructures, pipelines** you used or created.

### Presentations

We welcome technical and non-technical presentations with a practical mindset, for all experience levels — from beginner-friendly how-tos to cautionary tales to deep dives for experienced professionals. They will be organized in the following tracks:

- 🤖 **Lean AI**: when the end-product is your main concern, and modeling is your last
- ☠️ **FAIL**: you aren’t a real ML innovator until you’ve had to deal with massive failure of your ML system
- 🔌 **Tools and APIs** that make it easier to integrate ML into real-world applications
- 🔬 **Innovations and Research** to improve intelligent applications.

We’re looking for a diverse and creative line-up of speakers, preferably with experience in public speaking. We invite them to submit proposals of **20' long,  non-commercial presentations**. _(Note: we also have a very limited number of sponsored speaking slots — [contact the sponsorship team](mailto:sponsoring@papis.io) for more information on how to secure one.)_

### Papers

We welcome technical papers, industrial experience reports, review papers and research papers (not required to be accepted to present, but very much encouraged!). Papers presented at PAPIs are published in **[Proceedings of Machine Learning Research](http://proceedings.mlr.press/)**.

## Tips and rules

You can tips on how to craft a good proposal, how to submit it, and some rules [here](https://github.com/PAPIsdotio/general/blob/master/cfp-tips-rules.md). We will be receiving several proposals covering the same topics. They will be blind-reviewed by our Program Committee and evaluated on the basis of their novelty and/or significance and/or clarity of presentation. Reading these tips and rules will help you craft a proposal that stands out and increase its chances of getting accepted.

## We’re looking forward to receiving your best proposals!

If you have questions or if you have not heard about the status of your submission, please [contact us](mailto:program-committee-latam-2018@papis.mailclark.ai).

### Acknowledgements

This website is based on [rubycentral’s cfp-app](https://github.com/rubycentral/cfp-app). Many thanks to [Joan Capdevila Pujol](http://personals.ac.upc.edu/jc/) for his help in setting it up!
